eddiepaints.com project notes:

build seperate layout for admin area (image issues) fixed image issue with new
  routes path /admin/falcondb couldn’t find images changed route to /falcondb.

landing page:
  header
  welcome and painting philosophy
  
contact page:
  build form -----> done
  conect to database and send email to eddiepaints -----> done
  provide phone number option (if call in how to add to database) manually?



build site as a blog site where we upload pictues of current work and blog about
painting and project specific issues

link to twitter and facebook for eddiepaints

links for residential and commercial work and links for interior and exterior work

incorporate falcondb into eddiepaints 

testimonials page: show testimonials, show form for entering testimonials add
testimonials to database, iterate db.

DATABASES:
  potential customers / people who contact for estimate
  people who recieved an estimate
  people who recieved an estimate and agreed to go ahead
  people who recieved an estimate and didnot agree to go ahead
  work in progress
  finnished work and before and after photos
  videos and blog entries about projects and techniques -- youtube style
  falcondb customer database
  eddiepaints job page with db of potential painters
  database of employee info and hours jobs etc.
  
click here for eddie's green initiative:
click here for eddie's howto videos:

have customers leave feedback on twitter or facebook or email so we can upload

TESTIMONIALS:
I couldn’t be more pleased with this painting service.  They did gorgeous work at a 
reasonable prices and were prompt and completed the work flawlessly without excuses
or delays.  They are the best painters I have ever worked with.  They took a lot of 
care to match my colors and wouldn’t begin work until I was completely satisfied 
with the paint tests.  The crew was polite, professional and did a marvelous job
prepping and restoring my home.  Would use them again in a heartbeat!

They prepped, power washed, and painted the exterior of my house. They did a 
fantastic job! Mr. Shin who was the head of my job was so accommodating! I would 
definitely use them again.

Carl B Brookhaven Pa
Everything went smoothly from beginning to end.  I try to use local companies if I 
can and this company was only a few blocks away.   Eddie came out the same day to 
give an estimate.  I compared it to 3 different companies and they were definitely 
the most reasonable and they started the day after I gave the ok.  The work took 
about 4 days and they did everything that was in the contract and even threw in 
refinishing the front door for free.

We have had several bad experiences with painters in the past so we are always 
looking for a good painter needed. I am happy to say we have finally found someone.
The most important part of the job is the prep work and James Lee House Painting 
was fabulous on prep. Even my very critical husband was impressed. The job they did
was perfect, couldn’t find a single thing to fault them on. They are on time, polite,
great with prep work and with painting and always leave your home clean when they 
leave. They are very meticulous about their work. Highly recommend.

admin: eddie@eddiepaints.com wm


Eddie's todo list:
order floor
cancel hinge order
work on eddiepaints admin 

Eddie's shopping list:

Eddie's kitchen job list:
screw sub floor for squeaks
sand glue
finish and hang upper cab doors
remove counter top
remove oven, dishwasher, sink and fridge
remove furniture kitchen and dining room make room in living room
  where to put dishwasher oven fridge
slides for furniture, 
12 for stools 
16 for chairs 
4 for table
4 for hutch
16 for dining room


Glass cleaning recipe: Makes 1 pint
• 4 ounces of rubbing alcohol (isopropyl 70%)
• one tablespoon of white vinegar
• A couple drops of your favorite dish washing liquid.
• Fill the balance of bottle with water.

Greek salad dressing:
  1/2 cup olive oil
  4 tbsp vinegar
  1 1/2 tsp dijon mustard
  1 tbsp lemon juice
  1/2 tsp basil
  1/4 oregenao
  1/4 salt
  1/2 tsp sugar
  1 fresh garlic clove
  
  
Grandma's Greek Dressing (no vinegar)
1 large clove of Garlic, squeezed through a garlic press
1 teaspoon Dried Oregano
1/2 teaspoon Kosher Salt
1/4 teaspoon Coarse Ground Black Pepper
1/4 cup freshly squeezed Lemon Juice, strained of pulp and seeds
1/2 cup Olive Oil